Fix field mapping in Whois IP command (#17197)
demisto/content: Packs/Whois/ReleaseNotes/1_3_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Whois

> - Updated mapped fields **country** and **organization name** for ip indicator in **ip** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **Country** and **Organization** outputs of the ***ip*** command were populated with the ASN data instead of the IP data.
```
